## justDice Analytics Engineer Hiring Case

### You can open the report via the link below:

#### https://kadiralat-analitic-engineer-task-main-z0hhp6.streamlit.app/

### Notes

#### NOTE 1

Null Value Checking
There is no null values in adspend.csv,installs.csv,payouts.csv,revenue.csv
```python
print(adspend.isnull().values.any()) -> False
print(installs.isnull().values.any()) -> False
print(payouts.isnull().values.any()) -> False
print(revenue.isnull().values.any()) -> False
```

Duplication Check:<br>
For Adspending there is no duplication<br>

For Payouts and Revenue, there are duplications but when the CSV file is examinated,<br>
it can be seen that there are also different payout prices for the same day and same installation_id.<br>
That means there can be many charges or revenues for the same day so,<br>
duplications sould not be removed from dataframes for payouts and revenue.<br><br><br>

For Installation:<br>
There is only one duplication in installs dataframe<br>
If duplicated data generated by a mistake, it can be removed.<br>
However, in another scenario installing same app under same network,country,os etc. might be the reason of duplication.<br>
It can be considered that install_id values might be generated based on all other attributes in installs.csv:<br>
-country_id<br>
-app_id<br>
-network_id<br>
-event_date<br>
-device_os_version<br>
So that, if the user installs a specific app twice in his/her phone throughout same medium and same day, same install_id<br>
can be generated.(Numerically it is possible and more unique install_id can be generated than install.csv already has)<br>
Hypothesis 1: Each unique country_id-app_id-network_id-event_date-device_os_version combination generates a unique installation_id.<br>
It can be tested by asking the question:<br>
(q1)Is there anymore installation_id's under same condition as the duplicated installation_id? <br>
If the answer is yes, hypothesis 1 becomes false. If the answer is no, it still cannot be said that hypothesis 1 is true.<br>
That just means that there is no extra data according to duplicated data's condition.<br><br><br>
Additionally these questions should be asked:<br><br>
(q2)How many unique add_ip-network_id-event_date-country_id combination are there?<br>
(q3)How many unique install_id's are generated under same conditions?<br>
Then the probability of truth of hypothesis 1 can be calculated.<br>

q1: Yes, there are 8 output and 2 of installation_id are same so, Hypothesis 1 is false according to output of:<br>
```python
print("installs.loc[(installs['country_id']==1) & (installs['app_id']==71)
      & (installs['network_id']==60)
      & (installs['event_date']=='2022-08-20') & (installs['device_os_version']=='12') ])
```      
If q1's answer was no, q2-q3 can be asked and answers can be found as below:     <br>

q2-q3 : There are 67986 unique combinations and in average every unique combination has 3 installation id :<br>
```python
x= installs.groupby(['app_id','network_id','event_date','device_os_version','country_id'])['install_id'].count().reset_index(name='count').sort_values(['count'],ascending=False)
print(len(x)) -> 67986
print(x['count'].sum()/len(x)) -> around 3.5
```   
That means in average 3.5 installation_id have proper condition to be same over 65k combination and only 2 installation_id<br>
become same for only 1 combination. So, probably(more than 99%) hypothesis 1 is false even though question1(q1)'s answer is no.<br>
